docs(contributing): update required node version (#29547)
microsoft/playwright: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Getting Code

> Make sure you're running Node.js 18+ and NPM 8+, to verify and upgrade NPM do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you're running Node.js 20 to verify and upgrade NPM do:
```
